Johnny Roberts: I feel crappy all day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: physically or emotionally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you drinking plenty of water.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, I think I turned into a fish.
Johnny Roberts: Welcome window energy this morning. Thanks for listening, these puppies crying.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see two puppies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I see two babies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many are there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it windy there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, here you read
Johnny Roberts: One. Sounds like a cop car.
Johnny Roberts: What's up screaming
Johnny Roberts: One. Sounds like a giant
Oh,
Johnny Roberts: I got one.
Johnny Roberts: People all over the house.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: That one is solid white one black guy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wait, no way.
Johnny Roberts: Yep, one black guy says i right there's black and I got one just got solid white. So for the band a band around when I had a band around the middle of it. I got a pair of sunglasses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Johnny Roberts: There's a solid white one, sir. For one little spot right next to
Johnny Roberts: Me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love puppies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Somebody else
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got out how much energy they take
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Grandpa.
Grandpa.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She has
Johnny Roberts: Been mostly over and look at all.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See let you touch him.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, yeah.
Johnny Roberts: That wouldn't happen.
Johnny Roberts: Hello.
Johnny Roberts: Love.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: None of them are still alive.
Johnny Roberts: This yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it seems to me, you probably are going to lose any home.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a good thing we like it.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So tell me some of your symptoms that you're feeling right now physically
Johnny Roberts: Let her do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything changing your schedule or your diet.
Johnny Roberts: No.
Johnny Roberts: Listen you woke up all night long.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright yeah babies in house now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How is everything going for you.
Johnny Roberts: Going to bed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any, any relapses
Johnny Roberts: No, no.
Johnny Roberts: No.
No issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just fine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Another day in your world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, great part about it is your family unit is just expanded to nine puppies fold for the next six weeks, five weeks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Johnny Roberts: Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said so. The great part about it is your family is just expanded nine puppies. So you've got
Johnny Roberts: Last
Johnny Roberts: Warm what five days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they went their eyes to be opening soon huh
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, they're stuck to the bottom of the crack open a little bit. Well, it's gonna get really no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Haha, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When their eyes open and
They
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I think if it were me and I was in your position, I would probably get close to some of them and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Oh, I got too many nail
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got too many now.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, that was that Francis I got days and I got huckster
Johnny Roberts: Got my three legs of our typical and I know whatever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, oh yeah, you do have three. Hmm.
Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Indeed, heavy sound. A homes for them. Oh.
Johnny Roberts: Other Festival on
Johnny Roberts: The road.
Johnny Roberts: couple friends of mine one, I think they all want the same
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which one did they want
Johnny Roberts: One spot over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
So,
Johnny Roberts: Look for that. I mean, you know, oh, I'm gonna be hard to get rid of.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I don't think so. Everybody loves puppies. Right.
Johnny Roberts: Yep, perfect time of year to stay at home. Good work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have you been doing as far as your grief any issues coming up any emotions that you're struggling with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues with your neighbors.
Johnny Roberts: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just been around long and everything's been good.
Johnny Roberts: Yep, more or less what you're
Johnny Roberts: Really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You down you downgraded from a lawnmower to a weed eater.
Johnny Roberts: Those ones are good good star.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've been working on your truck.
Johnny Roberts: No, she's not been around for a while, even working on a house.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, we're good.
Johnny Roberts: To go, well, we're going to go up there and see what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Are you going to try to get some are you napping during the day of the puppies are giving up at night.
Johnny Roberts: Little bit off and on for the home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't write yourself down. You know what I mean, if you need rest. Make sure that you're getting yourself some morass.
Johnny Roberts: Ya know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How is your lungs. However, your lungs been dealing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now he sees from it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you smell great.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's probably from smoking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hmm.
Johnny Roberts: Yep. So let's take me out of the smoking.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's what one of my doctor says that definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cigarettes will take you out before pretty much anything else. Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many are you smoking today.
Johnny Roberts: Probably maybe have packed in the time I get up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, don't forget that if you get to a point where you want to quit to say something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will get the doctor.
Johnny Roberts: Already started back up. Yeah.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, just go to jail.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We do.
Johnny Roberts: What
Johnny Roberts: bothers you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then how do you keep restarting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you keep. Why do you restart.
Johnny Roberts: Boredom
Boredom do
Johnny Roberts: That
Johnny Roberts: A lot with Ashley Vernon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm
Johnny Roberts: Just like running Bloody Elbow
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For anybody up, you don't have
Johnny Roberts: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because at least is going to something you want it to, instead of something that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Somebody else wants
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I understand that piece. Definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: like no other. I understand that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what's on your agenda for the rest of the day.
Johnny Roberts: I don't know your to go mow your lawn.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To try to get some rest.
Johnny Roberts: And Prague. Welcome to my truck that she was going on to be there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, my work on a movie.
Johnny Roberts: No, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I totally get it. Everything still closed in your area.
Johnny Roberts: Oh yeah, just how's everything closes eight o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sets down
Johnny Roberts: No, no restaurant eating McDonald's only let you walk up to the window and get even need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can probably pre order that only
Johnny Roberts: Nobody tree or either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Johnny Roberts: Well, we got a winner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Winner Central's good
Johnny Roberts: Expensive for what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they're expensive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything that's not working for your recovery, this time that we can discuss and that you want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Figure out a game plan for or is there just prison.
Johnny Roberts: Long
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Well, I'm not going to keep you. I just want to touch base with you to your okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Johnny Roberts: God said
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, he said something
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will you make sure that you listen to what your body says, and give it what it needs. You know, if you need to rest. Make sure that you give it a little bit of rest.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just kind of compensate for the baby and he's right now that you're taking care of
Johnny Roberts: Me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no better luck than those puppies.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, what's funny is all like like somebody's calling my name or something.
Johnny Roberts: Really fluffy data.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, well I'm gonna let you go and let you get back to your puppies and your day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Opens
Johnny Roberts: The screen door.
Johnny Roberts: She knows that open it both ways.
Johnny Roberts: Those outcomes with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love that.
Johnny Roberts: Yeah, she goes over the game.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Johnny Roberts: That's not good. She
Johnny Roberts: Bought out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See what
Johnny Roberts: She has going out of
Johnny Roberts: The
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sky to stay close to her babies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of what they do. Right. They stay really close to the babes until they're old enough to fend for themselves.
Johnny Roberts: started dragging around
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, Johnny. I'm gonna let you go. And I will see a group, you have a great couple days and get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get some rest. Okay.
Johnny Roberts: Go sleep on the couch.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't blame you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will see you on Friday.
Johnny Roberts: You have a good one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, bye. Johnny
Bye.